do you consider yourself successful when
you were a kid did you ever babysit no
lawns or have a lemonade stand if you
answered yes to those questions we don't
think that's a coincidence because no
matter when you start a small business
you learn how to set a goal make a plan
and work hard that's why small business
owners across West Texas decided to show
kids how to start own and operate their
very own business a lemonade stand
because entrepreneurship is key to
achieving the American dream and in West
Texas we still believe in the American
dream this is our story
it's been amazing here today we have
over 3,000 kids that have lemonade
stands all around Lubbock these kids are
selling lemonade and they've got
experience and what it takes to run a
business you know to put together a
budget and what it takes to sell it and
then on sale day you know smile and put
that money in the cash register will
take for a scale of 1 to 10 it's been in
11 you drive down the street like
Indiana and see a dozen or two dozen
lemonade stands get smiling working hard
you just can't help but bring a big
smile of your face they're talking about
this one here we got any time it's beer
thank you very much
my combo is chips cookies and lemonade
for a dollar fifty days mom this is
plain lemonade but fresh please donate
it took us six hours to squeeze the
lemons it was 33 pounds of lemons all
right I lost the sale sorry this is a
special time to spend with your kids
morse inc families all across town
funders of families work together I
think Lubbock lemonade day is a great
way for families to come together and me
and makayla worked so hard together for
this we went to the art festival and
then I see my mom signed me up and
family went to the bank and we got our
loan and I get my never named Spencer
and I had never been in a bank for a
loan so that was something big for me as
well everything I've ever bought has
been cash so it was a new experience to
me as well
it'll be good for me to see her pay that
loan back and hard learn that
responsibility this the stories for us
those of us that put them in places the
stories are just wonderful philosophy
not every person has to be an
entrepreneur but every person has to
know about money and self responsibility
and hard work we think peterson who
thinks that this teaches so you're going
to make a hundred dollars two hundred
dollars good i'm gonna donate to the
Children's Hospital grand coloring books
and foundation I love what it teaches a
kiss and to go around and see every kid
learned something a little bit different
each time have a good product and make
it taste yummy
a good location and a good part it
teaches those valuable experiences in
life they can help train who they are as
an adult
you